So, at this point, if you run your app,
you should see this view right here that just says starter code.
What we're going to do in this video is just walk
through a little bit of the code that you were given.
So, this is just an app created with Create React app,
so it should look fairly familiar to you.
Our index.js file describes our app,
and then uses ReactDOM that render to render it to the view.
Our components folder just has a very simple
app.js file inside of it that says starter code,
and you'll notice here that we have given you a bunch of styles.
These are the styles that I will be referencing throughout the rest of this course.
If you want to do your own styles,
you're more than welcome to.
But because this isn't necessarily a course about styling,
I'm just going to reference the classes in this index.css file.
The more interesting code that was given to you is
inside of this utils folder right here.
So, typically whenever you're dealing with Redux,
so odds are whenever you're dealing with Redux,
odds are your data is going to be asynchronous,
meaning it's living in a database somewhere.
So, because we didn't want to have to set
up a full-fledged server and database for this course,
what I did was we have this _DATA.js file here,
and this represents our fake database.
So, we have users, we also have a bunch of tweets,
and then down here below,
we just have a few different methods to get access to our data.
So, you'll never actually interact with this _DATA.js file directly because what you'll
do is you'll go through this api.js file to interact with the database.
So, this is like an API file that was given
to you that if you want to interact with the server,
which then interacts with the database,
you would use these methods right here.
So, we have getInitialData,
which is going to be responsible for getting the initial data of our applications.
So, we have _getUsers as well as _getTweets,
then we just return an object which has both of those properties on it.
We can also toggle the like button of
a specific tweet by invoking this method right here,
and then we also want to be able to save a tweet.
So, again, because we didn't want to have two set
up a full-fledged server as well as a database,
we're just going to mock that,
and in order to interact with our fake database,
you will go through these functions right here.
Now, the last file you were given is helpers.js.
This one's kind of explanatory.
We want a way to format the date,
so this one just takes in a timestamp and then
formats it and returns that formatted timestamp.
Then format tweet to takes in a bunch of information about a new tweet,
and then just formats it in the way that works for our Redux store.
We'll go through why things are set up this way a little bit
later in the course as far as how we're going to structure our Redux store.
But for now, know that if you want to format a tweet,
we can just invoke the formatTweet function.
So, if you are still curious about the code that we have given you,
go ahead and explore the data.js file as well as the api.js file.
What we're going to do in the next videos,
we're going to set up some of the actions responsible
for fetching the initial data of our application.